Add more details to Object.setPrototypeOf (#23077)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/javascript/reference/global_objects/object/setprototypeof/index.md

- {{jsxref("TypeError")}}
  - : Thrown if one of the following conditions is met:
    - The `obj` parameter is `undefined` or `null`.
    - The `obj` parameter is [non-extensible](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Object/isExtensible), or it's an [immutable prototype exotic object](https://tc39.es/ecma262/#sec-immutable-prototype-exotic-objects), such as `Object.prototype` or [`window`](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Window). However, the error is not thrown if the new prototype is the same value as the original prototype of `obj`.
    - The `prototype` parameter is not an object or [`null`](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Operators/null).

## Description

`Object.setPrototypeOf()` is generally considered the proper way to set the prototype of an object. You should always use it in favor of the deprecated [`Object.prototype.__proto__`](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Object/proto) accessor.

> If the `obj` parameter is not an object (e.g. number, string, etc.), this method does nothing without even attempting to set the prototype of `obj`, and directly returns `obj` as a primitive value without coercion. If `prototype` is the same value as the prototype of `obj`, then `obj` is directly returned, without causing a `TypeError` even when `obj` has immutable prototype.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the `obj` parameter is not an object (e.g. number, string, etc.), this method does nothing — without coercing it to an object or attempting to set the prototype of `obj` — and directly returns `obj` as a primitive value. If `prototype` is the same value as the prototype of `obj`, then `obj` is directly returned, without causing a `TypeError` even when `obj` has immutable prototype.
```
